# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.


## [3.3] - 2023-11-26

### Added

- Added parameters `after` and `before`. With these it is possible to specify a date-range between which to download articles.

### Changed

- Now stores the list of articles in memory instead of to a temporary file.



## [3.2] - 2023-11-21

### Added

- PDFs will now be created for each article, in addition to the optional yearly collection.

### Changed

- Improving PDF generation; will now more nicely reference articles and images from yearly collection.
- Fixing bugs in PDF generation introduced in version 3.1.
- Leaving fewer autogenerated files lying around after PDF creation.
- Improving shell script hygiene and style. 
- Parser now trims superfluous whitespace from image captions and credits.
- Cleaned up parser
- Adding this Changelog file.



## [3.1] - 2023-11-20

### Changed

- Putting images into their separate directories.
- Not duplicating Markdown files during EPUB creation.



## [3.0] - 2023-11-14

### Added

- Support for outputting to EPUB format.

### Changed

- Parser corrections.



## [2.1] - 2023-11-06

### Changed

- Fixing some bugs.
- Fixing code warnings.
- Changing filename of HTML and Markdown files.
- Updated logo.
- Updated legal text.



## [2.0] - 2023-11-01

### Changed

- Changed name of project from dn_to_pdf to dn_dl.
- Made script read data from input parameters rather than hard-coded values; removed putting the cookie into its own file in favour of reading it from an input parameter.
- Updated Readme file.
- Updated logo.
- Minor code clean-up.



## [1.4] - 2023-09-11

### Changed

- Updated parser to reflect new layout on dn.se
- Making quotes emphasized.



## [1.3] - 2023-04-27

### Changed

- Updated parser to reflect new layout on dn.se



## [1.2] - 2023-01-03

### Added

- Can now optionally run multiple passes of PDF creation, where it attempts to reduce the images of an article somewhat. If the image reduction results in fewer pages, the images are kept smaller; if the number of pages are the same, then the original sizeof the images are kept.



## [1.1] - 2023-01-02

### Changed

- Corrected convenience flag to only download if needed.
- Minor improvement to the Readme file.



## [1.0] - 2022-09-01

### Added
- Everything; Initial release. Can parse dn.se and convert to Markdown. Can create PDFs by year.
